Not only can you align a image in a single
line of text, but you can float it out in
a paragraph, and the one way to do that is
to just place it in there and use alignment.
And so our paragraph, we have it set to align
left in our div tag, but I'm going to take
that out so I can show you how that has kind
of nothing to do with what we're doing. So
I'm going to take out these divs, and then
I'm going to insert an image within my paragraph;
image source equals, and I have an image called
flower jpeg, and then after the image I'm
going to do align equals quotation marks left
and save, and then if we go over here and
preview it, it's not picking up the flower,
because I mistyped the name. You have to be
careful with code. So we'll go over here;
save, refresh. Flower don't you look good.
Let's compare that to our actual; see I had
misspelled it in the flower. There's the correct
file name, so we'll save that. Now we'll go
over and preview it, and it's staying up here
flush line with the text, but if we were to
just put an image within the paragraph this
is what happened, what would have happened
if we hadn't defined the alignment. So we'll
save that and refresh it over here, and now
it's doing the automatic thing where it lines
up with the bottom of the text, and that just
doesn't look good, and so I really like it
when.